for everyone as they are good we are here
with Augustin who is a troll
undoubtedly we are going to make the challenge of the
pelotazos that a lot did not want
but I wanted to do but
order was decided and we will do it with
seven times five questions each of
soccer in this case of mouth juniors
you can come coarse but the thing is that
if for example I have a question
and he answers the king badly a ball of mine
Now if I do I ask a question and
he answers it well is a pitch for
are five questions yes we started
first question
who gave the passes and goals in the
two goals that palermo did to the great
madrid when mouth won the intervention
the second one was that he created me a pass
long
good first the first
according to the story
what is the instinct
first against whom and how the mouth won
intercontinental 2003 won against the
milan for penalties
we just saw when they get to the
South American
when one came and told him he could not
fail and tells us that it was
look at my name time box
American 5
I guess now the archer does not
chord name then if I took the ball
for that time
but his luck was known to offer
in a way he was an archer but I want
be an archer
sons of bitches who made two goals in the
end of the liberators of 2000 I am
not a single suite to this today was not
against the palmeiras of da between palermo
have arrived
do not
In the net
good to have given this space
here in palermo he gets the goal number
one hundred third color question here
run to what year does this correspond
T shirt
Right
this is the correct question
what year in which summer because he used the
violet shirt was already summer 2013
in 2012
dog face
on a tray which was the player that
mouth titles
when the last intercontinental came out
of mouth already lost losing it lost with the
bayern munich
last question how many titles won
bianchi
the fucking school
once
98 9
wrong how much 10 the shell of his
mother
two
do not
but
no more
do not
i
to
do not
now
for rats
go down
and well I hope you liked it
video they know subscribe share what
that I like to comment the same thing nothing more
new the next twitter
here
ah